Crazy ten times more than hahahaha
How does that work?
The atmosphere has exploded here
Is it imperative for Qingxue to return to the Liu family?
Hey, dick, you are too outsider.
So foreign
Ah, hey, Xiao Ming, why don't you call my brother-in-law today?
brother-in-law
Yo be sincere
Happiness? Do I allow you to call it that?
You are not qualified to be Qingxue's family at all
Clean up these flies for me
Don't disturb Qingxue and his distant appetite here
Hey, Xiao Zhan
You can't do that.
We're a family.
Come on, the second enemy, say something to me
Dick hehehe
So you
If it weren't for the fact that you are Qingxue's parents
There will be no future for you
And for one
The little bastard who cares about his own grandchildren all day
For people
There is no pair of you at all
Go ahead.
You ordered me to release the message earlier.
Three days later.
Wu Weijun came to Yuncheng to hold the king's banquet
I just received information
The Xiao family learned that they had arranged for someone to come to Yuncheng at this time
And threatened to clear the door
The little family came just right
But who cleans up who doesn't necessarily
Do you want your subordinates to send someone directly without it?
The king's banquet is my stage
How can these clown configurations be missing?
His Xiao family came and just caught it all
This king's feast
I will fully disclose my identity
Give Yaoyao the happiness of clearing blood and immortality
So be sure to handle it well
There is no room for the slightest slip and regret
Xiao Chen, what is your identity?
No matter who I am
I will always be your husband
I will always be a distant father
Yes, Xiao Zhan
My god thunder dies